+++
date = "2015-10-04"
title = "Are we equal to the sun?"
slug = "are-we-equal-to-the-sun"
postid = 3
+++

I wanted to love you, wanted to curl you in my arms and let you know that no snail so small and slimy could ever escape my eyes, my heart, red-rosed blooming for you, wanted to care for you in a place called ever or everlasting or forever, let you pick yourself a castle in the clouds and bring it down with cannonballs of heartbeats, but instead I let you choose a word, one word, and call it anything, I told you I will give you it all and I packaged it with red lips, though I have none, in a space I circle with tired feet, and let you gaze upon it and we called it love, a child deformed by the hands of human craftsmanship and we asked them, those men of industry, if they planned to die, and they said "never" and we took that word, or the last part of it, the part before the period at the end of the sentence, or maybe not even that, maybe just the whisper of a groan before the 20th century collapsed into the 21st, you know I was born at the peak of civilization, you told me, in bed, is whispers, and I never told you I was a poet writing about the end of the world, not because it mattered, but because this way I could enjoy it more. 

I remember what you told me, everyone who's gotten close enough to whisper secrets to my heart has told me, you said: it's a fake, this heart, the real one's in the sky and he's looking down at you and laughing his head off, this life, this tiny life, is not yours and never will be, and then you gasped, surprised at what it means to talk heart to heart and the puppets in our heads took over and spoke for a while, and the knee jerk reactions cycled back forever, taking showers in the morning, spending decades just wondering if anyone else in the span of human history has had to deal with this problem: the problem of history, the problem that we've tried this before, and now your eyes glow and tell me I'm going crazy, step by step, telling me whatever I hold in my heart will come to pass and whatever I hold in my spine has already taken apart my face and rearranged it to let everyone know exactly what I am. The river flow? Give me a break, a thousand songs by Sia can't make up for one sin, just one, just one, and God says: give it back, but we don't listen.

Am I an old tide washing up on shore two decades too late? Am I a red drop from a corpse long after it's dead? Am I the last seal on the last letter of the last mother of the last species to go extinct? Yes, but I am the sun. I am, truly, the son of God and you, well you, you are too. And enlightenment will never come too soon for those that want it, scrambling on the edges of a sunset, as what, as the lawns of Jesus Christ get mowed by the Father. Is this heaven, you wonder, idly waiting to die. In cages upon cages you linger and wait and I tell you: it's just a moment, just a moment of your time to admit to all your rivals: you were right. I am dead and trash and death and human waste. To admit to your wife: I am the loneliest soul in the galaxy, lonelier than Arthur Dent.  To admit: nothing, to admit, nothing at all... we are not the executioner. And you ask: then what? And I tell you this one last time: You, even if we told you you are, are not the judge. Then who, you inquire. And you have those rosy cheeks, how I love them, and maybe other people can't see them because your skin is a darker shade, but we still see them shine, glow, in the moonlight. Because you, you, you, are always exactly, perfectly legit.