+++
date = "2015-10-06"
title = "How can I feel like I deserve the world?"
slug = "how-can-i-feel-like-i-deserve-the-world"
postid = 4
+++

Start with death and move backwards, start with a baby, newly born, and put it back in, reverse time, have it climb up the highway into those 9 long months and melt it's eyes down to nothing, just an amoeba, now two creatures, sperm and egg, meeting in the darkness, is this death? If you ask the baby, look at egg and sperm and tell me: is this you, what does the baby say? As much as one thought beckoning another is that thought's parent, they are me, that's what the baby says. In the crib, alone, crying, it knows: these people don't see me, every cry a voice of a person that will never be seen. They say we all come with 1000 voices and cut it down to 10 if we're boys by the time we're 17, 12 if a girl. We're talking averages. And yet: always only one, one voice, one personality, speaking for the rest, almost ignoring them.

Try again, fail better, no, fail stronger, no, fail with your arms flailing, no, fall better, not yet, free fall, no, never, see every piece of snow coming before the winter, yes, because the snowmen go to town and breathe the same air and call the same birds with mouths full of all the death contained within a snowflake, ashes of the sky. Do you, do you know how lucky you are to discover only once in life the pleasure of not looking back for a decade, finding yourself, after moving through what seemed like misery, in some place you didn't see coming, talking to someone you've never known, never played with in your heart, never even imagined in a dream, a million times lucky, but twice or thrice or four times not knowing where you're going and ending up, somehow, exactly where the chess master placed you, this is not luck, this is a skill for which David and Noah and saints were praised, plucking the heart strings of god, knowing that there is someone, something, beyond the veil, and doing enough peeking and snooping to discover a strategy or two for slipping into bed with him.

Start again, this time for the beginning, easy summoning if you know that words have magic, just say, in earnest, I want to see the beginning, life will take you through the adventure of I, who you'll doubt before discovering in everything or maybe just settle for a lover halfway down the path, and then you'll find him, eventually, that lonely memory sitting on a park bench or flying a kite in the warm wind, that thing that brings back everything, knowing you did not ever not once ever not ever not once store a memory in the past but all over this wild landscape we call a mind, in crevices and behind fears you didn't know were fears and life still, ever so, beckons you on, do you love me or fear me &mdash; and you try to play your games, the same ones you played with mother or father, but she tells you, quite sternly, or not at all, that she doesn't play those any more, she already played those with you. Find yourself crying the stream of your life at the edge of your last memory, cradle him, and let him sing you into existence, piece by piece.