+++
date = "2015-10-04"
title = "Upside down"
slug = "upside-down"
postid = 2
+++

Water follows tears inside you, reach for the lover on the handlebar, where the light comes through it never shows, far above on the high stakes, airplanes, buildings, no, but anything that flies, flies like flapping feathers on your fingertips, tap, tap, wandering on the wishes of your spine, I love you because you let me love you, no other reason is ever enough, never, I only love you once, when you're a baby, and never again, never loved an adult, see the fear in all the dogs eyes, bowed heads, slaves, no, happy slaves, but no, dogs are beautiful, happy dogs are like cats with mice in their claws, like a dog is just breathing the air like a cat wants to breathe the smell of squeaky mice, not true, but good, too hard to define anything really, didn't mean those things about adults, just like the wide eyes better, the empty heads better, the ears with so much ear wax somehow they can hear better better, you know, you know, right?

So, imagine black vs. white, but empty heads against thought-filled heads, okay? Like, the ones who are the canvas vs. the ones who don't want to, but draw on them with purple crayons all the same... Does it need to be in color? I mean, take this, this ball of crumpled paper, okay, and imagine it's you're story, you know, that video recording you play for your child self to show it what to do next, yup, and now flatten it, not black and white yet, but closer, now burn it, I mean take a match out, yes, like feel the whole process working up to extinguish it, not just pretending like the last time you had a breakdown and felt guilty about not telling anyone, not really, push further than that, like all those athletes who never imagined they would have their heal down on the starting line, and then light it, yes, ignite it, yes, like feel it instead of walking around it like you normally do, okay, and shout it down if that's what it takes even though you've never liked the taste of loud words, and then burn it.

That's the black and white I'm talking about. Brief flash, bright light, everything illuminated, seeing for miles, but really just mere feet, walk around, you might wonder, guess at, chance at, did you stand up just when the fire went out? Yup, and now you're stuck, in between the lie and the marble surface of that mind you just extinguished. Wow, not bad for one night, not bad at all, now travel close inside, yes, now, and bathe in it, bathe in all the self-doubt storybooks they read to you as children, every good versus fair, and imagine good like a little nub of a crayon with legs and arms, retired now because he's been drawing all his life, and he's waving at you, smiling.